index.md, before:

---
title: Jing Gao
# feature_text: |
#     ## LZDXN - Jing Gao
# An undergraduate student at Washington University in St. Louis, majoring in Computer Science and Entrepreneurship.
# feature_image: "https://sites.wustl.edu/olinmc/files/2023/10/flyer_image_429596_linkedin_bannerswithcentennial_823145622_823145622.jpg.jpeg"
# excerpt: ""
---
# LZDXN - Jing Gao
{% include figure.html image="/assets/img/profile_photo.jpg" caption="" width="400" %}

{% include button.html text="Email" icon="email" link="mailto:gao.jing@wustl.edu" color="#71C4EF" %} {% include button.html text="GitHub" icon="github" link="https://github.com/LZDXN" color="#24292F" %} {% include button.html text="LinkedIn" icon="linkedin" link="https://linkedin.com/in/jing-gao-lzdxn/" color="#0A66C2" %} 
{% include button.html text="Résumé (EN)" icon="link" link="/assets/doc/Jing_Gao_s_Resume.pdf" color="#138A07" %} {% include button.html text="简历 (中文)" icon="link" link="/assets/doc/Jing_Gao_s_Resume_CN.pdf" color="#1B222C" %}

## Education
#### Washington University in St. Louis
> Aug. 2023 - Expected 2025
- *B.S in* **Computer Science (Primary)**
- *Double major in **Entrepreneurship***
- *Minor in **Mathematics***

## Technical Skills
- **Programming Languages:** Python, Julia, Java, C, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Shell
- **Developer Tools:** VS Code, Git, Latex, Markdown, Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Service
- **Technologies/Frameworks:** Linux, GitHub, ReactJS, VueJS, WordPress
- **Languages:** 中文/Chinese (Native), English (Proficient), Esperanton/Esperanto (Intermediate), 日本語/Japanese (Beginner)

## Certification
- [Large Language Models: Foundation Models from the Ground Up](https://courses.edx.org/certificates/43a44d655fb0498dbb222278e10d22c5) - Databricks (edX), 2023
- [Large Language Models: Application through Production](https://courses.edx.org/certificates/8b772337ef45471eb1ba8a4f83cf43e4) - Databricks (edX), 2023
- [Mathematics for Machine Learning: Linear Algebra](https://coursera.org/share/e487b03b99dbdee21e67be90fef4c88b) - ICL (Coursera), 2022

## Experience
### Washington University in St. Louis
**Research Assistant**
Oct. 2023 - PRESENT, St. Louis, MO
- Utilized Julia programming language for developing and implementing data processing pipelines.
- Installed and maintained jupyter server application with encrypted token access.

### Research Institute of Tsinghua, Pearl River Delta
**Research Assistant & Project Manager Assistant**
Jun. 2022 - Aug. 2022, Guangzhou, Guangdong (China)
- Constructed & evaluated machine models in severe environment.
- Sampled & analyzed data, then Specified & optimized mathematical models.

## Publication
[same contribution]
Guo, J., & **Gao, J. (2022)**. *Comparison of Different Machine Learning Algorithms on Cell Classification with scRNA-seq after Principal Component Analysis*. 2022 7th International Conference on Intelligent Computing and Signal Processing (ICSP). [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1109/icsp54964.2022.9778439)

## Research & Projects
### AI Jailbreaking
*Large Language Model, Jailbreak*
Dec. 2023
Conducted comprehensive research into the mechanisms and limitations of large language models.

### [Stockfish Chess Analysis](https://github.com/LZDXN/Chess-Research-2023-Fall.git)
*Julia, Python, API, Data Analysis*
Apr. 2023
Developed an AI-powered assistant to solve pain points in the writing process.

## Honors & Prizes
- Hack WashU 2023 - Best Use of Google Cloud, 2023
- HackDartmouth VIII: Into The Multiverse - Contrary Capital - Start Up Prize, 2023
- American Mathematics Competition (AMC) 12 - First Place * 2 (A & B), 2021
- China Thinks Big (CTB) - National First Prize & Global Round Qualification, 2021

Commit message:

updated index.md and added personal summary and more images

index.md, after:

---
title: Jing Gao
# feature_text: |
#     ## LZDXN - Jing Gao
# An undergraduate student at Washington University in St. Louis, majoring in Computer Science and Entrepreneurship.
# feature_image: "https://sites.wustl.edu/olinmc/files/2023/10/flyer_image_429596_linkedin_bannerswithcentennial_823145622_823145622.jpg.jpeg"
# excerpt: ""
---
# LZDXN - Jing Gao
{% include figure.html image="/assets/img/profile_photo.jpg" caption="" width="400" %}

{% include button.html text="Email" icon="email" link="mailto:gao.jing@wustl.edu" color="#71C4EF" %} {% include button.html text="GitHub" icon="github" link="https://github.com/LZDXN" color="#24292F" %} {% include button.html text="LinkedIn" icon="linkedin" link="https://linkedin.com/in/jing-gao-lzdxn/" color="#0A66C2" %} 
{% include button.html text="Résumé (EN)" icon="link" link="/assets/doc/Jing_Gao_s_Resume.pdf" color="#138A07" %} {% include button.html text="简历 (中文)" icon="link" link="/assets/doc/Jing_Gao_s_Resume_CN.pdf" color="#1B222C" %}

At the heart of my academic pursuits at Washington University in St. Louis, where I am majoring in Computer Science and Entrepreneurship, lies a deep-rooted passion for technology and innovation. My journey is not just about building a robust technical foundation in programming and data analysis but also about weaving these skills into the fabric of my personal interests and aspirations.


{% include figure.html image="/assets/img/sidebar-bg.jpg" caption="" width="400" %}


As I've navigated my coursework at WashU, I've seen my abilities in Python, Julia, Java, and C flourish. My proficiency in developer tools and cloud technologies has grown in tandem, further enhanced by engaging in hands-on research, tackling complex data processing challenges, and managing intricate infrastructures.


Outside the realms of academia, I find solace and excitement in writing. As a budding novelist, I am currently working on a fantasy novel in Chinese, with over 20,000 words already penned down. This creative endeavor reflects not only my love for storytelling but also my keen interest in exploring new-world settings and intricate plot developments. However, the challenges of maintaining consistency and integrating new ideas into an evolving storyline led me to conceive the idea for a saga - a project that triumphed at the HackDartmouth event, winning three awards including the prestigious Contrary Capital sponsored prize. This recognition is not just a testament to the project's innovation but also a stepping stone in my journey as an entrepreneur.


{% include figure.html image="/assets/img/HackDartmouth.jpg" caption="" width="400" %}


As I gain more experience at WashU and delve deeper into the startup ecosystem, my resolve to work in a startup environment has only strengthened. I see myself as an AI technical founder and data scientist, driven by the core values of freedom and free will. I aspire to merge my technical expertise with my narrative flair, aiming to make writing more approachable and accessible for everyone. In this fusion of technology and creativity, I seek to carve a unique path that resonates with my personal and professional ethos.


<!-- 
## Education
#### Washington University in St. Louis
> Aug. 2023 - Expected 2025
- *B.S in* **Computer Science (Primary)**
- *Double major in **Entrepreneurship***
- *Minor in **Mathematics***

## Technical Skills
- **Programming Languages:** Python, Julia, Java, C, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Shell
- **Developer Tools:** VS Code, Git, Latex, Markdown, Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Service
- **Technologies/Frameworks:** Linux, GitHub, ReactJS, VueJS, WordPress
- **Languages:** 中文/Chinese (Native), English (Proficient), Esperanton/Esperanto (Intermediate), 日本語/Japanese (Beginner)

## Certification
- [Large Language Models: Foundation Models from the Ground Up](https://courses.edx.org/certificates/43a44d655fb0498dbb222278e10d22c5) - Databricks (edX), 2023
- [Large Language Models: Application through Production](https://courses.edx.org/certificates/8b772337ef45471eb1ba8a4f83cf43e4) - Databricks (edX), 2023
- [Mathematics for Machine Learning: Linear Algebra](https://coursera.org/share/e487b03b99dbdee21e67be90fef4c88b) - ICL (Coursera), 2022

## Experience
### Washington University in St. Louis
**Research Assistant**
Oct. 2023 - PRESENT, St. Louis, MO
- Utilized Julia programming language for developing and implementing data processing pipelines.
- Installed and maintained jupyter server application with encrypted token access.

### Research Institute of Tsinghua, Pearl River Delta
**Research Assistant & Project Manager Assistant**
Jun. 2022 - Aug. 2022, Guangzhou, Guangdong (China)
- Constructed & evaluated machine models in severe environment.
- Sampled & analyzed data, then Specified & optimized mathematical models.

## Publication
[same contribution]
Guo, J., & **Gao, J. (2022)**. *Comparison of Different Machine Learning Algorithms on Cell Classification with scRNA-seq after Principal Component Analysis*. 2022 7th International Conference on Intelligent Computing and Signal Processing (ICSP). [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1109/icsp54964.2022.9778439)

## Research & Projects
### AI Jailbreaking
*Large Language Model, Jailbreak*
Dec. 2023
Conducted comprehensive research into the mechanisms and limitations of large language models.

### [Stockfish Chess Analysis](https://github.com/LZDXN/Chess-Research-2023-Fall.git)
*Julia, Python, API, Data Analysis*
Apr. 2023
Developed an AI-powered assistant to solve pain points in the writing process.

## Honors & Prizes
- Hack WashU 2023 - Best Use of Google Cloud, 2023
- HackDartmouth VIII: Into The Multiverse - Contrary Capital - Start Up Prize, 2023
- American Mathematics Competition (AMC) 12 - First Place * 2 (A & B), 2021
- China Thinks Big (CTB) - National First Prize & Global Round Qualification, 2021 -->
