---
title: It's time to say goodbye
categories:
- Life
- Inner Actions
---
It's time to say goodbye, just like the graduation season at this time last year.

These tears that came from nowhere, why can't I control them from falling?

---

A van stopped in front of me, and a lady, Nicole, stepped out. She kindly let me stay at her place when I first came to Purdue. She was genuinely kind and did not treat me like an outsider. During my time at Purdue, they would invite me to family gatherings on important holidays, and I attended events at Wolf Park and Easter celebrations...

Me: (Eager to share) You know what? So many things happened this April! I have so much good news to share...

My trip to Dartmouth, my entrepreneurial ideas, the honors I received at academic conferences... I shared all these details with her.

Nicole listened patiently, while Marni (her little daughter) in the backseat played with some small items in the car.

Nicole: Will these affect your plans for the summer vacation? Or your plans for next year?

Although I knew she was curious about the answer, I tried to avoid discussing this topic. Recalling the last time we met when I told her that I was actually applying to transfer, she said:

"You know, last time Josh (Nicole's husband) and I went to Colorado, other people were surprised when they heard we were from Purdue, and said 'Wow you come from Purdue!'"

Although I could understand Purdue's reputation here, I did have reasons to leave. At that time, I wasn't sure if I could really get an offer, so I didn't react much.

Back to the present, I sighed: ...I'm leaving Purdue.

Nicole: So it has become something that cannot be changed, right?

Me: I had made up my mind since I first arrived here. I love this place, but this doesn't stop me from reaching my goal.

Nicole: I see, we will miss you.

...

(As we parted, we both knew this was the last time we would see each other before the summer vacation began)

Nicole: Jing, can I have a short prayer for you?

Me: Yes, sure.

Nicole: (Closing her eyes) Thank God for letting us meet. Thank God for letting us have a great time together...

Me: (Tears started to well up in my eyes)

Nicole: ...I pray for Jing's best luck in her finals, hope she will have a great summer, and have a bright future in her next school. Amen.

Me: (Choked up) Thank you so much. It's great to be with you all, families... Thank you!

Nicole: Thank you~ It's also good to talk with you and learn from you!

It's time to say goodbye.

Just like the graduation season at this time last year.

Just like what I mentioned in my graduation speech, we all go our separate ways.

(?)

No one: (Poking their head out) Hey, why are you crying? Weren't you trying to maintain a cool image?

Me: I knew I would definitely leave this place, I knew I wouldn't stay, and I tried to avoid interacting with more people here. But why...

No one: Oh, I thought you wouldn't care about these little things because you wanted to transfer.

Me: Little things? I'm not a sh*tty ba****d! How could I not know about the people who genuinely care for me!? My host family, as well as my research group (and darn it I haven't figured out how to tell my instructor about this despite they know about the possibility). Although I'm not a sentimental person (?), how could I not know about their kind intentions for me to stay!?

Friend A: Calm down, everyone has to be separated eventually. We are just passing by in each other's lives. Besides, it's not like you'll never see each other again. Haven't you promised that you'll help if needed? You can also change your mind and choose to stay here.

Me: ...I've prepared myself mentally, and since I've made up my mind, I can't waver easily. I will leave. Goodbye, Purdue.